[PAS]
Hello.
Huh... [whimpers]
Uh...
♪
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius pâtissier
whose dream of making
the world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble,
he pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats,
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef, who was reborn,
and dreams of creating
this new world's very own
land of sweets!
♪
Huh... [whimpers]
[grunts] Licorice!
[gasping]
Milady?
Licorice, wait! [gasps]
-[CAERA] [gasps] Lord Pastry!
-Uh?
Tell me, what in heaven's name
did we just walk in on?
I promise I'll explain later.
Right now, I need to see
my fiancée! [grunts]
My, this party
has certainly grown lively!
[PAS]
Licorice!
[panting]
[PAS]
Licorice!
[whimpering]
[footsteps]
-[LICORICE] I'm sorry.
-Ah.
[LICORICE]
Pastry, I'm so sorry.
Listen.
That was a part
of Count Retes' scheme.
[gasps]
I promise you she only sees me
as a nine-year-old boy.
It was all--
[LICORICE]
It's more than just that.
Ah?
[LICORICE]
In the great hall,
you were the topic
of every single conversation
I could make out.
Some of the ladies here seem
quite taken with you,
then when I heard the way
they spoke about you...
Mm-hm.
[LICORICE] ...I couldn't help
but to imagine
the most awful things.
What awful things?
[LICORICE]
I thought perhaps,
if some other lady were to...
profess her fondness for you...
that you might...
Maybe you'd...
[crying]
You'd become fond of her too,
and decide you didn't want me.
No, I would never!
Uh...
[LICORICE]
My sister, Petra.
She isn't like me.
She's so cheerful and charming,
and can talk to anyone.
She's bold and bright,
and instantly
wins everybody over
while I just shrink away
from them all.
Why can't I be more like her?
[gasps]
I know talking can be hard
for you.
I don't mind
that you're reserved.
You don't need
to be more like Lady Petra.
Mm...
The differences between you two
are part of what makes you
the person you are.
And, Licorice,
I like the person you are.
[gasps]
And as time goes on,
I'm sure that I'll like
the person you become too.
I mean it, so please,
will you trust me?
Do you believe what I'm saying?
I do.
[PAS]
Then could I have a moment?
Huh?
You can wait here.
I won't be long.
Trust me no matter what.
Mm-hm.
Thank you, Licorice.
[footsteps]
[flashing]
♪
Ah!
I apologize for the wait!
Not at all.
♪
Is this like the one
from before?
Yes.
Mostly, but different
in a few important ways.
Huh?
[PAS] I made this one special,
just for you.
It's one of a kind
and perfectly fresh.
Would you do me the honor
of accepting it?
[gasps]
♪
Honestly,
the thought of you enjoying this
means so much to me.
Ah...
[PAS] Because I made it for you,
and nobody else.
Mm.
Hm.
[chomps]
[LICORICE]
The aroma of the fruit,
and the sweetness of the candy,
they're filling my mouth.
This is a flavor that
only Pastry and I have shared...
a taste of the happiness
that he's given me.
A flavor that nobody knows.
Nobody in the world
except the two of us.
[gasps]
I promise,
these aren't tears of sadness.
Please forgive me
for being so overcome.
[gasps]
[chomps]
The bonka is delicious.
Maybe this will sound strange,
but when I first learned
about these sugar-coated bonkas,
we called them "candied apples."
[LICORICE]
Candy ap-ples?
[PAS] Yes,
but they have other names, too.
There are even more?
[PAS]
Yes, several.
It's a very simple treat
to make.
So simple that
it can be made almost anywhere.
Wherever you go,
you'll find
a different candy apple
under a different name.
Like "toffee apple"
or sometimes "heaven's apple".
But my favorite name of them all
is this...
"The apple of love."
Ah...
My feelings for you
are unwavering,
and I've poured
every bit of them
into making this treat for you.
♪
Ah...
-[PAS] So, Licorice, please.
-Huh?
Tell me
that you will always trust me.
[exhales]
I swear.
I want nothing more
than to make you happy,
to see your smile.
[sighs]
That smile matters more to me
than anything.
Okay?
[chomps]
Mmm. Delicious!
Glad you like it!
Thank you, Pastry,
for everything.
And I'm sorry.
[PAS]
Such a beautiful smile,
and I came this close
to losing it.
My dream
is to create a land of sweets
and bring smiles
to the faces of everyone
in this world.
But if I can't make
the people closest to me smile,
that dream will never come true.
Together, Licorice and I
will create a land of--
[clears throat]
[PAS, LICORICE gasp]
Pardon, milady.
The time had come
to retrieve you.
I got to say,
that was some smooth talk,
-Young Master!
-Hm... Nicolo.
And how long
have you been watching?
Well, um...
Mm. That's right!
I saw you pop in
with the "apple of love"
in your hand!
Whoo, as if the rumors weren't
bad enough already!
Hide your daughters,
ladies and gentlemen!
The young gigolo of Morteln
is loose!
[PAS]
Is he, now?
Nicolo...
this carefree mood you're in
says that you're looking
for more to do.
Huh?
So, the moment
we get back to Morteln,
you're getting double
your workload from before!
Okay, your point
is well-taken, Young Master.
I'll be good, I promise.
Of course, you're not serious
about doubling my workload,
are you?
[PAS]
Oh, really?
You found that hard to take
seriously, did you?
Then what if I told you
I was tripling it?
Oh, please forgive me,
my Young Master!
On my life, I won't breathe
a word of this to your father,
so please have some mercy!
Glad to see you're back
in good spirits, Milady.
Mm...
[grunts]
-[grumbles]
-[chuckles]
She's staring a hole into me.
♪
[footsteps]
Ah!
[grunts] I'm happy to see you
as well, Mother,
and a little faint.
-[squishing]
-[groaning]
Did you have fun
at the tea-tasting?
Mission complete.
-Well done, everyone.
-[PAS groans]
[CAERA, NICOLO]
Hm.
Please let go, Mother.
I can barely breathe!
[CASSEROLE]
No, really, Agnes.
Let the boy loose.
I think he's turning blue.
Thank you again
for your hospitality.
Welcome home, my dear.
[PAS exhales]
Uh, is there...
Okay, Pas zapped himself back
to the kitchen this afternoon.
He immediately busied himself
doing something-or-another.
And I couldn't help but wonder
if the mess he left behind
was for your sake.
[PAS]
Oh, crap.
♪
Pas, my love, of course,
I'll need a detailed account
of everything that happened
at this function, right away.
So, step lively,
my dear, sweet boy!
-Uh... [sighs]
-[PAS] Ah... Please, be gentle!
Oh, man.
The mistress might be
more intimidating
than Lord Casserole.
[sighs]
[giggles]
-[whimpers]
-[footsteps]
I am exhausted.
[thuds]
It's no small thing,
having to humor Lady Agnes
for two straight hours.
I can see you need some time
to recover.
Want some bean tea?
That would be lovely.
[tea pouring]
Bottoms up.
[PAS]
Thank you so much.
[slurps]
Ah... That's wonderful.
Huh? What is all this about?
[rustles]
Oh.
Those are leftover wrappers
for the hard candy I made.
Mother and I were wrapping them
as I told her
about the tea party.
It helped pass the time quicker.
Well, that answers
one question, but...
What is this picture?
It's exactly
what it looks like.
Huh?
And this is what you wrapped
your candy with?
What the heck
are you getting at, kiddo?
The Count was horribly impolite
to Licorice and me today,
Feuille,
and kids are petty.
[glass shatters]
Why, the nerve
of that wretched little boy!
[vase shattering]
I beg of you, Your Ladyship.
Please try to remain calm!
-[RETES screams]
-[yelps]
He sent candy
to every noble house
in the country
with that picture
wrapped around it!
And now,
rumors are taking root!
He's got the entire peerage
convinced
that I'm looking
for a child groom!
Yes, Your Ladyship.
I had figured as much
by the flood of letters
from not-yet-eligible suitors
that began
after the tea tasting.
Like this one here.
Eight years old.
And this one is ten.
That rotten whelp is
completely gumming up the works!
Argh.
I will make you pay for this,
demon child!
[MALE ATTENDANT 7A]
My Lord,
there have been some stirrings
from Margrave Lutoroute's
domain.
Yes.
As we expected,
he plans to make his move
before summer.
[MALE ATTENDANT 7A]
He seems to have realized
that the union between our house
and Duke Kadlecek's
would strengthen our army.
And he's decided to invade
before the pact is sealed.
So, his recent aggression
has been building
toward this offensive.
That does sound like something
Lutoroute would do.
The longstanding rivalry
between you two
must be taking its toll.
He means to end it here.
[HUBAREK] How big of a force
are we facing?
By all reports, about 30,000.
30,000?
[MALE ATTENDANT 7A]
Though it pains me to say this,
at present, that's more
than we could withstand.
Send a messenger
to Duke Kadlecek
in the royal capital at once.
I'll write
to request reinforcements.
Sir.
-[footsteps]
-[door creaking]
-Damn you, Lutoroute.
-[door slams]
[PAS]
One, two, buckle my shoe.
Three, four, knock at the door.
Five, six, pick up sticks.
Hey, kid.
What exactly
is that weird little chant?
Just a rhyme to help keep me
from losing count.
If we total up the profits
from the hard candy
and the matchmaking pictures,
as of now, we're at 384 coins!
[FEUILLE]
Not bad!
Looks like
you've already reached
your target!
Oh, yeah!
So, this pile of silver
and the four extra gold
can go into my savings.
That's a good bit of money,
especially for someone
as young as you.
Well, I spent a good bit of time
on the sweets,
so I'd say it's only fair.
[sighs] Sure, and you earned us
a tidy profit anyway.
I guess
the boss wouldn't complain.
So,
sticking to the original plan?
Right!
So, I'll need you
to put in an order
with the traveling merchant,
100 goats!
Hang on.
I thought you said earlier
that you only wanted
70 or 80 goats.
We bid for 100,
then let him talk us down
to 70 or 80
at a lower price per head
to make up for the shortfall.
-Boy, you play dirty.
-Come to think of it,
see if you can get him
to throw in a few donkeys on top
to sweeten the deal!
If you ever want to do business
with him again,
then we probably
shouldn't bleed him dry.
Imagine if we could produce
goat's milk and cheese
ourselves!
You can't beat goat's milk
for making sweets!
[sighs] I don't even know
where to start.
So, we're raising goats, huh?
You know,
we tried doing that before
back when we were first getting
the fief established.
[PAS]
Father told me about that.
Goats will eat anything,
so they're not very hard
to raise.
[FEUILLE]
Exactly.
But that can be
a double-edged sword.
When your father
was given this land,
hardly anything would grow
on it,
and the little bit that did
went right to the goats.
In the end, we let them go.
[PAS] But now,
the land is rich and green!
Meaning I can start adding
more livestock,
bringing us closer
to my land of sweets!
Then, if we're raising
goats and donkeys from now on,
do we eat the chickens
to make room?
Don't even joke about that!
[FEUILLE]
Uh, what?
[PAS]
We don't eat chickens.
They're way too important!
If anything,
we need more chickens, not less!
Cakes, cookies,
custards, meringue!
Eggs are the foundation
of so many recipes!
Without eggs,
this whole fief might as well
have stayed a wasteland!
Uh, okay,
so we're a sweets-based economy
now.
But if that's
how we're approaching this...
we need to fix
our lack of manpower.
Yes, that'll be an issue.
I'm going to need a moment
to mull it over.
How about we take a break?
Feuille.
Could I get you to taste this
for me real quick?
-[footsteps]
-[sighs]
[FEUILLE] And what is it
you're feeding me?
This is sorghum extract.
Once the grain is harvested,
you press the stalks
of the sorghum grass
to get this juice.
[extract pours]
Mm... It looks like
a big sticky mess
waiting to happen.
I tried to boil off
some of the liquid
and make it more like a syrup,
but it didn't work very well.
Even so, it shouldn't have
changed the flavor much.
[slurps and blenches] The heck?
This stuff is almost too sweet!
We're one step closer
to making our own sugar.
Oh, yeah?
Once I've got the formula,
Morteln will be on its way
to becoming
the confectionery capital
of the land!
If I can make my own sugar,
I'll be able to start
churning out as many desserts--
You can use it
to make more sweets, right?
[chuckles]
But don't use your magic
to do it,
or else the boss
might smite you again.
Oh, I learned that lesson,
trust me.
-[sawing and hammering]
-[LUMI, PAS grunting]
-[grunting]
-[hammering]
Hello, everyone.
What are you doing?
We're putting together a press
to make juice!
A press for juice?
♪
-All right. The press is ready!
-Yeah.
[clatters]
[PAS]
Here, I'll show you.
Hm?
[PAS] First, we load up the cask
with sorghum stalks.
Then we press down on the lid
and squeeze the sweet juice
out of them.
-[MARC] Hey!
-Huh?
It's too tall!
Or maybe you're just too short,
Marc.
-Ah... Oops.
-[MARC] Shut up, Lumi!
I'm still taller than you!
Ah... Maybe I messed up
doing the measurements.
Plan B, then. Get on, Lumi!
Let's do this!
[MARC, LUMI straining]
-[MARC] Huh?
-[PAS] Lumi!
Try and go slow
so it doesn't break!
[LUMI, MARC straining]
How can you be that short
and still weigh this much?
Are you really trying
to pick a fight with me
while I'm up on your shoulders?
-Don't fight, you guys!
-Ah!
Just keep pulling down
as slow as you can!
[grunts]
[straining]
Seriously, why are you so heavy?
-[LUMI] Marc, shut up!
-[groans]
Lumi, take it easy!
[MARC, LUMI straining]
-[MARC, LUMI yelp]
-Please be careful!
-[MARC, LUMI screaming]
-[breaks]
[groans]
Um, are you two all right?
You didn't hurt yourselves,
did you?
-[groaning]
-[grunts] I'm fine,
except for my pride.
Thanks a lot, Marc.
Uh...
I guess I should've realized
it wouldn't be that easy,
shouldn't I?
In theory,
this design could have worked.
But with these materials,
it's not quite tough enough.
Maybe I should try building
the whole thing out of iron.
That would probably work better,
but...
-Huh?
-[sighs]
Hm. If you have an idea,
I'd love to hear it.
After all,
the whole point of a prototype
is to figure out
what you can improve.
Hm...
And just like confectionery,
even the ideas
that don't work out
still get you a step closer
to the ones that do.
If you want to create
something great,
trial and error
are always important!
You can't make
a thousand sweet treats
till you've made one!
What the heck
is he talking about?
No idea.
I'm sorry I don't have
the detailed plans
to share with you,
but I do know
that when they're making wine
back home in Hubarek,
they press the grapes
with a machine
not that different
from the one you built.
Ah!
[LICORICE]
One difference is,
I think the men turn the lever,
rather than pull it down.
Ah. I see.
Yeah, that could be perfect!
-Uh...
-[PAS] Okay!
So, the tool we need
is already out there.
Now we need to find a way
to get our hands on one!
That'll save us the trouble
from trying to build it
from scratch!
Thank you, Licorice!
Not at all.
So, what happened
to all that crap you were saying
about trial and error
being an important part
of making something great?
I fell on my face trying
to help you build this thing,
and you're scrapping
the whole idea?
If it makes you feel any better,
I'll still need a taste tester.
Hm?
Then all is forgiven!
-You're way too easy.
-[giggles]
[PAS]
Right, time is money!
I'm going to head home
and have a talk with Feuille
about getting
one of those wine presses!
Sorry, but would you guys mind
cleaning up for me here?
-Yeah, we're on it!
-[LUMI, LICORICE chuckle]
He's enjoying this.
It's such fun to see!
[PAS] Sugar, goat's milk,
cheese souffle.
Cake flour, yogurt,
creme brulee.
Soft-boiled eggs and...
-[door creaks]
-I'm so excited!
How do I decide
what dessert to make first?
Soon, I'm going to be
baking myself silly!
Should I start with a cake?
Ooh, or flan
is always a good option!
No, wait, choux la creme, yeah!
Uh!
[door slams]
[CASSEROLE, FEUILLE]
Uh?
[PAS]
Father! You're back already?
[sighs]
How was Duke Kadlecek
and Lord Squale?
I hope they were well!
[grunts]
Mm? Is something wrong?
Kid.
I'm afraid
we've got some bad news.
Those looks tell me
it's pretty serious.
It seems a war has broken out
in the east.
[gasps]
[CASSEROLE]
The border conflict
between Hubarek's lands
and their neighbor Lutoroute
has finally boiled over.
[gasps]
[PAS]
A war?
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation.
"Reinforcements
and a Bittersweet
First Deployment."
Bon appétit!